
2 Definitions
2定义
These definitions are used throughout the remainder of this manual.

这些定义将在本手册的其余部分中使用。

POSIX
A family of open system standards based on Unix. Bash is primarily concerned with the Shell and Utilities portion of the POSIX 1003.1 standard.

一系列基于 Unix 的开放系统标准。Bash 主要关注 POSIX 1003.1标准的 Shell 和 Utilities 部分。

blank
A space or tab character.

空格或制表符。

builtin
A command that is implemented internally by the shell itself, rather than by an executable program somewhere in the file system.

由 shell 本身在内部实现的命令，而不是由文件系统中的某个可执行程序实现的命令。

control operator
A token that performs a control function. It is a newline or one of the following: ‘||’, ‘&&’, ‘&’, ‘;’, ‘;;’, ‘;&’, ‘;;&’, ‘|’, ‘|&’, ‘(’, or ‘)’.

执行控制功能的令牌。它是一个新行，或者下面的一行: | | ’ ，‘ & ’ ，‘ ; ’ ，‘ ; ; ’ ，‘ ; ; ’ ，‘ ; ; ’ ，‘ | ’ ，‘ | ’ ，‘(’ ，‘)’。

exit status
The value returned by a command to its caller. The value is restricted to eight bits, so the maximum value is 255.

命令返回给其调用方的值。该值限制为8位，因此最大值为255。

field
A unit of text that is the result of one of the shell expansions. After expansion, when executing a command, the resulting fields are used as the command name and arguments.

一种文本单位，是某个 shell 扩展的结果。展开之后，在执行命令时，生成的字段将用作命令名和参数。

filename
A string of characters used to identify a file.

用于标识文件的字符串。

job
A set of processes comprising a pipeline, and any processes descended from it, that are all in the same process group.

包含管道的一组进程，以及由管道发展而来的任何进程，它们都在同一个进程组中。

job control
A mechanism by which users can selectively stop (suspend) and restart (resume) execution of processes.

一种机制，用户可以选择性地停止(暂停)并重新启动(恢复)进程执行。

metacharacter
A character that, when unquoted, separates words. A metacharacter is a space, tab, newline, or one of the following characters: ‘|’, ‘&’, ‘;’, ‘(’, ‘)’, ‘<’, or ‘>’.

一个字符，如果没有引号，就会分开单词。元字符是空格、制表符、换行符或下列字符之一: ‘ | ’、‘ & ’、‘ ; ’、‘(’、‘)’、‘ < ’或‘ > 。

name
A word consisting solely of letters, numbers, and underscores, and beginning with a letter or underscore. Names are used as shell variable and function names. Also referred to as an identifier.

由字母、数字和下划线组成的单词，以字母或下划线开头。名称用作 shell 变量和函数名。也称为标识符。

operator
A control operator or a redirection operator. See Redirections, for a list of redirection operators. Operators contain at least one unquoted metacharacter.

控制运算符或重定向运算符。有关重定向运算符的列表，请参见重定向。运算符至少包含一个未引用的元字符。

process group
A collection of related processes each having the same process group ID.

具有相同进程组 ID 的相关进程的集合。

process group ID
A unique identifier that represents a process group during its lifetime.

表示过程组在其生命周期中的唯一标识符。

reserved word
A word that has a special meaning to the shell. Most reserved words introduce shell flow control constructs, such as for and while.

对贝壳有特殊意义的单词。大多数保留字都会引入 shell 流控制结构，比如 for 和 while。

return status
A synonym for exit status.

退出状态的同义词。

signal
A mechanism by which a process may be notified by the kernel of an event occurring in the system.

内核可以通知进程系统中发生的事件的一种机制。

special builtin
A shell builtin command that has been classified as special by the POSIX standard.

一个按 POSIX 标准被归类为特殊的壳层内建指令。

token
A sequence of characters considered a single unit by the shell. It is either a word or an operator.

一种字符序列，被 shell 认为是一个单位。它可以是一个单词，也可以是一个操作符。

word
A sequence of characters treated as a unit by the shell. Words may not include unquoted metacharacters.

被 shell 作为一个单元处理的字符序列。单词不能包括未引用的元字符。

Next: Shell Builtin Commands, Previous: Definitions, Up: Top   [Contents][Index]

下一步: Shell 内建命令，上一步: 定义，向上: Top [ Contents ][ Index ]